[Music]
wait a morning say four or five we got
to talk about what's happening in
Chicago
everybody's watching this viral video
this guy in a hoodie are calling the
Grim Reaper
stop the carjacking is the right foot
taking the law into his own hands
he's become a folk hero what about the
shooter it was like a white dude when
they need me most I went on what if
you're immersed his men are breaking
into my house to see they're here to
protect them the men who dis are out
there so the nothing that we can do is
that what you said if a man really wants
to protect forces I want to buy a gun he
has to do is for himself
we're close I'll go get my wife who else
was there
I don't know anything else I believe Joe
you're not gonna kill me
no Jagger's
your cars can cross fire ice cream I'm
done the ice cream what the school is it
over friend were you your last customer
[Music]
not your [ __ ] blocked and paid or I'll
say they called him guardian angel he's
my life
[Music]
you look much better getting out or
something hmm not so much well whatever
you're doing keep it up
okay I will
[Music]
they did it